README.md, before:


## VSCode TypeScript Sandbox, REPL & Mocha Testrunner

Environment that supports quick language learning and experimenting in the following ways:

1. Compile, run or debug (with breakpoints) any arbitrary TS file (CTRL-F5) in /src
2. Write tests that are run automatically against any TS file (name files xxxx.tests.ts)
3. Runs a TS REPL (ts-node) in the Terminal window. Use .load xxxx.ts to execute TS files, .clear to reset scope


### Todos:

+ [ ] get linting going for semicolons, etc
+ [ ] fix output window showing after every save
+ [x] clean this readme up properly
+ [x] make a src folder to keep it clean (but keep test with files) May cause errors and make repl annoying to use
+ [x] get DevDocs going offline for Chai, typescript, everything!!
+ [x] get REPL going from a VS task command
+ [x] maybe just have it load at the start?

### Installation

Requires VS Code with the Mocha Sidebar extension. 

Keep your code and tests in /src

### Random notes:

//clear; ts-node --type-check  

Tried to get SugarJS going with monkeypatching, by putting this at start of file. Did not work with TS:

/// <reference path="./node_modules/sugar/sugar-extended.d.ts" />
import * as Sugar from 'sugar';
Sugar.extend();

let arr = [4, 5,6,7,99,5,5];
console.log(arr.sum());


// above triple slash is needed for sugar in extended mode, 
reference must be at top of file!!!

cannot do .clear; semicolon...

In ts-node: return value of last run expression is underscore _


if getting red squigly lines on import in VSCode try pressing F1 to reload window

in sugar use .raw to get unchained underlying object

Commit message:

Excellent, got client side JS going, and an API call going through. Next steps include verify both sides debug work, send over JSON, and get VSCode running nodemon on startup. Finally do some testing.

README.md, after:


## VS Code, TypeScript, NodeJS, Express Sandbox for API prototyping

Environment that supports quick language learning and experimenting in the following ways:

1. Runs a simple Express server in Dev, source in /src/server/
2. Browser code in /src/client 
3. Common/shared interfaces and routines in /src/common
4. Write tests that are run automatically against any TS file (name files xxxx.tests.ts)


### Todos:

+ [ ] get debugging going on both server and browser with source maps
+ [ ] get an API call working
+ [ ] get Express server running on startup
+ [ ] get linting going for semicolons, etc
+ [ ] fix output window showing after every save
+ [ ] serve static files
+ [x] clean this readme up properly
+ [x] make a src folder to keep it clean (but keep test with files) May cause errors and make repl annoying to use
+ [x] get DevDocs going offline for Chai, typescript, everything!!
+ [x] get REPL going from a VS task command
+ [x] maybe just have it load at the start?

### Installation

Requires VS Code with the Mocha Sidebar extension. 

Keep your code and tests in /src

### Random notes:

//clear; ts-node --type-check  

Tried to get SugarJS going with monkeypatching, by putting this at start of file. Did not work with TS:

/// <reference path="./node_modules/sugar/sugar-extended.d.ts" />
import * as Sugar from 'sugar';
Sugar.extend();

let arr = [4, 5,6,7,99,5,5];
console.log(arr.sum());


// above triple slash is needed for sugar in extended mode, 
reference must be at top of file!!!

cannot do .clear; semicolon...

In ts-node: return value of last run expression is underscore _


if getting red squigly lines on import in VSCode try pressing F1 to reload window

in sugar use .raw to get unchained underlying object
